[Freshness] PSScriptAnalyzer Article Updates - Batch 9 (#411)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs-Modules: reference/docs-conceptual/PSScriptAnalyzer/Rules/PlaceOpenBrace.md

## Description

This rule detects open braces that don't follow a consistent style. Open braces can be required on
the same line as the preceding keyword or on the next line, based on configuration. You can also

> require a new line after the open brace. This rule is **disabled** by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule detects opening braces (`{`) that don't follow a consistent style. Opening braces can be
required on the same line as the preceding keyword or on the next line, based on configuration. You
can also require a new line after the opening brace. This rule is **disabled** by default.
```

}
```

## Parameters

### Enable

This parameter controls whether ScriptAnalyzer checks the code against this rule. It accepts a
boolean value. To enable this rule, set this parameter to `$true`. The default value is `$false`.

### OnSameLine

This parameter controls whether ScriptAnalyzer checks that an open brace is on the same line as the
preceding keyword. It accepts a boolean value. To disable this check, set this parameter to
`$false`. The default value is `$true`.

### NewLineAfter

This parameter controls whether ScriptAnalyzer checks that a new line follows an open brace. It
accepts a boolean value. To disable this check, set this parameter to `$false`. The default value is

> `$true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter controls whether ScriptAnalyzer checks that a new line follows an opening brace. It
accepts a boolean value. To disable this check, set this parameter to `$false`. The default value is
`$true`.
```
